hey youtube uh welcome to the action
figure of you a clone pilot goes right
here it's pretty cool figure if you guys
watched my last review you know I got
this way but toys r us on sep tember
30th yes necessary and he's pretty cool
a package to really neat as pictured
wave has a nice picture of them I he is
from the episode of the Zillo beasts he
was the pilot of the y-wing that bomb
dropped the proton bomb if you guys were
confused on who exactly he was so yeah
just give me a second unbox him and
start the review all right well I just
unboxed him and here he is clone pilot
go to everybody he is pretty cool um he
does come with a gattling gun just like
the arc troopers fires a rocket missile
it's pretty cool and he does come with
his uh it's DC 15 it's one of the dcs
but his blaster it's pretty cool um his
I'll just take that out to show you it
fits in his hand pretty well but unlike
the ARC Trooper he does not have ball
jointed hips so that's one thing that
you guys might want to think about it's
not you're not completely like the arc
trooper but oh his little thing right
here is actually rubber banded to his
chest for some reason
well I'm just gonna leave it there for
now um but he does have really Ricky
then I don't know if you guys have seen
the new clones yet but they've got some
they've got a really good news sculpt um
the only down I can think of right now
is that it he does not they don't have
the at Kylie a grunt work you can move
the upper body but I in my opinion it
makes it look so much better and it's a
lot cooler to me so that's pretty cool
just rubber unruh banded that so they
said to take this off
all right here is
okay but he does have shoulder once if
you guys can remember the last poem it
had that pesky little joint right there
that line right there for the joint his
shoulder pads are completely whites are
completely smooth they don't have that
line and you can actually point the arms
straight down which is really cool um
his shoulders kind of lock into place
that's another thing with this little
plate right here and so do the knees and
it's really cool and it makes him look
just so much more like you can stand up
straight you know so that's pretty cool
this helmet does not come off to reveal
his face because we don't know what his
face looks likes but the paint job on
helmet is really cool especially with
the eyes and with the teeth and
everything so yeah that's pretty cool um
it like all the clone pilots has a
little overlapping things it's like as
far as the helmet goes I'd say it's a
almost a repaint of matchsticks helmet
actually I take that back because you
could take that one off but so I guess
it's a pretty new scope and it's a
really cool figure like I said the DC I
mean the Gatling gun foots in his hands
real well you got to solve that and it
fired a missile and his blaster gun puts
in his hand probably yeah like every
clump fits in the same pretty well it's
pretty cool of course he comes with his
battle game stand which he fits on to
pretty whoa yeah fits under it pretty
well um he doesn't have ball jointed
hips so only one of us can go on to one
of the little pegs but he he stands up
please well just told one of those pigs
um and another thing is he comes with
his battle game card with the picture
from the Zillo beast and his battle game
died
as a cord so you're at a new trick how
to make it look really good just i use
my pocket knife to cleanly cut along
there so and it makes it look really
really good you gotta have this if you
got if I didn't cut it really screwed on
this one but if you cut it really good
you can take away those little jagged
plastic marks and not have those little
torn lines so yeah it's pretty cool um
next up will be the flame trooper and
yeah thanks for watching guys